Expose and document `getVisDomain` and `getSafeDomain` (#682)
silx-kit/h5web: src/stories/Utilities.stories.mdx

getLinearGradient(interpolator: D3Interpolator, direction: 'top' | 'bottom' | 'right' | 'left', minMaxOnly = false): string
```

#### getVisDomain

> Determine the domain to be used for the visualization based on a user-selected custom domain. If a bound of the custom domain is `null`, it "auto-scales" by falling back to the corresponding bound of the data domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determine the domain to be used for the visualization based on a user-selected custom domain. If a bound of the custom domain is `null`, it falls back to the corresponding bound of the data domain.
```

```ts
getVisDomain(customDomain: CustomDomain, dataDomain: Domain): Domain

> const visDomain1 = getVisDomain([null, null], [0, 100]]); // [0, 100]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const visDomain1 = getVisDomain([null, null], [0, 100]); // [0, 100]
```

> const visDomain2 = getVisDomain([null, 20], [0, 100]]); // [0, 20]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const visDomain2 = getVisDomain([null, 20], [0, 100]); // [0, 20]
```

```

#### getSafeDomain

Determine a domain that is safe for the visualization. This is typically called with a user-defined `customDomain`, or with a `visDomain` as returned by `getVisDomain()`.
If the domain is determined to be unsafe, a safe domain based on `fallbackDomain` is returned along with an error object. Note that `fallbackDomain` is assumed to be safe.

> The domain is considered unsafe notably if it's inverted (`min > max`), or if the scale is log and at least one of the bounds is lower than or equal to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain is considered unsafe if it's inverted (`min > max`), or if the scale is log and at least one of the bounds is negative.
```
